[Music]
diana
one day you will become all that you
dream of and more
and everything will be different
this world is not yet ready
for all that you will do
you'll become a legend
[Music]
wonder woman 1984 in theaters and
streaming exclusively on hbo max
december 25th radiopg-13
i don't really like snakes i don't like
them either
please mr dundee i'm not really
crocodile done do you know it's the
character i play in the movies he'll
have that thing on the barbecue tonight
oops i have news the queen of england
wants to bestow you with a knighthood
before not the most successful
independent film in history
i'm just going to say one word hoes i
was a
nominated for an academy award once
couldn't have been acting no offense
a legend returns paul hogan paul hogan
paul hogan
i love him she loved you i thought paul
hogan was already dead
dead and he's out to prove we asked
where the man from down under has been
hiding
you have a knife but mine's bigger
that's not the line yes
that's not the law i've been doing this
for 20 years i think i'd know
his legacy is more than a crock i told
the studio we take a meeting we want to
introduce your son a dundee junior we
have just the actor
will smith we know what you're thinking
yeah
he's too old no it's not what i'm
thinking
yeah maybe you just try and behave come
on boys
crocodile dundee star hulk hogan tried
to strangle a child today
dad you know no one thinks this stuff
right put me on one of them tonight
shows
wow oh olivia i'm doing this charity
thinking at my neighbor's school
i need a favor you better shave
cause i need a man what the hell is this
my heart is on you get out the damn
snakes
oh you're going to hell now buddy paul
hogan
jacoby lordy chevy chase olivia
newton-john
and john cleese john clay i don't have
my driver's license you didn't just tell
me you left it at home
no i don't have a driving license
you um threw a deadly snake at a fifth
grade teacher attempted to beat up two
children and not the other one
what am i forgetting here the very
excellent
mr dundee you don't mean to be nosy john
but uh what happened after all your
success oh you know
alimony parties drugs gambling
prostitutes no no i'm being silly i
never gambled
[Music]
seek shelter immediately what do you
think it is
no idea
the only thing people want to talk about
today is this interstellar comet called
clark
nasa's saying it appeared out of nowhere
from like a different solar system
this is the fragment entering the lower
atmosphere
three two one an impact
what is explosion it's a chunk of rock
rocks don't explode yeah
tell that to the dinosaurs
[Music]
the sky's on fire come on let's go
with the largest fragment expected to
hit in less than 24 hours
space agencies are expecting an
extinction-level event
the greatest chance of survival for the
bunkers in greenland
we're gonna go gotta go now okay
[Music]
you're such a brave guy you know what i
know where i will get us under those
bunkers because we're always going to be
together
greenland rated pg-13 on demand
everywhere december 18th
oh hey there baby the hell are you doing
here
i'm commissioned to this flight we
haven't got time for this right now put
her in the sperry until we get up in the
air i'm supposed to guard this i'll
guard it for you
contents are confidential
what's your name honey flight officer
garrett ain't no women in the air corps
i'm a flight mechanic in the pilot
you're not a pilot you're a delivery
girl
sir requesting permission to fire an
enemy attacker
you wouldn't even know how to fire a gun
i was being
hit it she was polite who the hell are
you miss garrett
what is she here for did you hear that
what the hell is that racket there's
something on top of it playing something
on the goddamn time
[Music]
here they come
these irregularities started with that
package
you have no idea how far i'll go how did
you get up here
[Music]
welcome back to the party baby
strapping yes ma'am
[Music]
foreign
is anyone there
slid are you down here
there is something very very wrong here
that's either
it's a spaceship
coming back from a planet that we hoped
would be our future
[Music]
i have to contact them before it's too
late
hey sanchez yep how about a little
inspiration
enjoy kids
my journey has us returning with more
answers than questions
except one question lingers in the air
our last contact with mission control
three weeks we've lost contact with nasa
and everyone else
it's just a glitch you really believe
that
i have to warn them about the conditions
on earth
take a deep breath there is an antenna
that's stronger than ours
we get there they'll hear us is anyone
receiving this it's going to take a walk
outside
comms is still up
higher
[Music]
do you copy
you have to get to that antenna
we made a promise to our families we're
being asked to evacuate
i'm thinking a lot about time why one
person lives a lifetime
another only gets a few years
come in ether this is barbo observatory
are you receiving this
is anyone out there
it's all gone every penny what was your
plan
my plan was to die before the money ran
out but i kept and keep not dying and
here i am the hens are clucking
are they saying i'm broke they are what
about my apartment at paris
it's just sitting empty have you told
your mother about our engagement
we're going to paris would you describe
yourself as a coward
no when i came to paris the first time
something sent up an alert it was the
presentment
of what was to come
we're going to lie down will you come
visit us later
was she paying you ping aren't you heard
gigolo
oh god no that's my mother
what is it an invitation to a party come
in
where are the others it's just us i
thought we might become friends
i've no need of friends in my life at
the moment you're being a dick
i'm sorry have you heard any rumors
regarding my reputation i heard that you
were
odd well i'm more than hot
there's a goodly part of me that wants
to set this building on fire
what do you think of that i've never
been
so hurt it's when i saw your face for
the first time
why because you were me
[Applause]
i've always been lucky i've been unlucky
but i have a sense that this will change
suddenly and permanently
i've only been lucky and i believe i
will always be
it's such a cliche isn't it someone
killing themselves after the glamour has
passed
do you know what a cliche is it's a
story
so fine that it's grown
old in its hope hopeful retelling
you talk the talk don't you
i broke the mold with that one
[Applause]
koshel means pig
you asked me to come get you
remember i would never say that
[Music]
dad you know mom's not here
did you forget because you're too old
it looks like a goddamn girl ah did they
know you were a in the army
you can attack me all you want but i am
not going to engage with you on that
level anymore
i know what you're trying to do
[Music]
i'm trying to help you dad
kevin doesn't want him and he'll keep
sending him back
[Music]
let me know when you lace him up again
kid you used to be something to see
any advice
yes go home
can i owe you a drink you don't i could
use one
i bet you never fight me
you own me big time i got nothing to
prove
i know you don't do you
[Music]
so you're that boy the one that's been
hanging around my daughter
who's this little boy
[Music]
[Applause]
thanks meg yeah well it ain't over till
it is
what can i do for you i want to build a
house
these are some of the vacant sites that
you have you see if you lend me the
money
and let me use a site then i could have
that built for me and my kids
i'm really sorry i can't help you with
this
[Music]
we can't go on like this just keep
telling yourself
it's temporary sorry guys
like three times and you got your kids
here john please
i need this job
what are we doing sandra do you think
this is good for the girls
i've seen a counselor we could try and
make it work
[Music]
i want to fix him you know i know
but there are some people you just can't
i have designed a house that costs just
35 000 euros to build
santa why didn't you ask me your mother
was far more than a cleaner to me
she was a friend it's land going to
waste
use it build a house for you and your
girls
[Music]
our own house at the bottom of the
garden like a fairy house
[Music]
need hands for a few weekends over the
summer if you want to help
[Music]
this time
sandra oh my god
party's working
are you going to see your dad she's not
herself
she wants to stay with me no look at me
sandra
scully you've been served breach of
access
i'm sorry love but legally he has a
right to go to court
what is the point of a house if i have
no kids to put in it
most of us get so sunk in our own pain
we don't notice our children's
but you did and that makes you a good
mother
you all know what he did to me and that
you still bring me
in here and you ask me questions like
why didn't you
leave him would you never ask why didn't
he stop
[Music]
is
no thank you
[Music]
foreign
you